README.md, before:

# Bioinformatics Wiki

[![Jupyter Book Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-book-orange?style=plastic&logo=data:image/png%3Bbase64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABwAAAAZCAMAAAAVHr4VAAAAXVBMVEX////v7+/zdybv7+/zdybv7+/zdybv7+/zdybv7+/zdybv7+/zdybv7+/zdybv7+/zdybv7+/zdybv7+/v7+/zdybv7+/zdybv7+/v7+/zdybv7+/zdybv7+/zdyaSmqV2AAAAHXRSTlMAEBAgIDAwQEBQUGBgcHCAgJCQoLCwwMDQ4ODw8MDkUIUAAADJSURBVHjaddAFkgNBCAXQP+7uAvc/5tLFVseYF8crUB0560r/5gwvjYYm8gq8QJoyIJNwlnUH0WEnART6YSezV6c5tjOTaoKdfGXtnclFlEBEXVd8JzG4pa/LDql9Jff/ZCC/h2zSqF5bzf4vqkgNwEzeClUd8uMadLE6OnhBFsES5niQh2BOYUqZsfGdmrmbN+TMvPROHUOkde8sEs6Bnr0tDDf2Roj6fmVfubuGyttejCeLc+xFm+NLuLnJeFAyl3gS932MF/wBoukfUcwI05kAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)](https://jupyterbook.org)
![Build and Deploy](https://github.com/bioinfo-ucsd/wiki/actions/workflows/build-html-and-deploy.yml/badge.svg)

This is a collection of bioinformatics and computational biology best practices developed by Arya Massarat, Michael Cuoco, and other students of the UCSD Bioinformatics and Systems Biology (BISB) PhD Program.

## Viewing the published wiki

This repository is published automatically to [bioinfo-ucsd.github.io/wiki](https://bioinfo-ucsd.github.io/wiki) upon `push` to the `main` branch.

<!-- TODO: add contibuting guidelines -->

## Building the wiki on your computer

The conda environment is provided as `environment.yml`. This environment is used for all testing and building by Github Actions.

Once you have the environment installed and activated. Run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
jb build wiki/
```

You can then preview the book by opening the file `wiki/_build/html/index.html` in your browser.

If you would like to work with a clean build, you can empty the build folder by running:

```bash
jb clean wiki/
```

If jupyter execution is cached, this command will not delete the cached folder.

To remove the build folder (including `cached` executables), you can run:

```bash
jb clean --all wiki/
```

Commit message:

add barebones contributing docs (#7)
try to force the book to get deployed

README.md, after:

# Bioinformatics Wiki

[![Jupyter Book Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/jupyter-book-orange?style=plastic&logo=data:image/png%3Bbase64,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)](https://jupyterbook.org)
![Build and Deploy](https://github.com/bioinfo-ucsd/wiki/actions/workflows/build-html-and-deploy.yml/badge.svg)

This is a collection of bioinformatics and computational biology best practices developed by Arya Massarat, Michael Cuoco, and other students of the UCSD Bioinformatics and Systems Biology (BISB) PhD Program.

## Viewing the published wiki

This repository is published automatically to [bioinfo-ucsd.github.io/wiki](https://bioinfo-ucsd.github.io/wiki) upon merging a commit into the `main` branch.

## Contributing

If you are a member of the [@bioinfo-ucsd Github org](https://github.com/bioinfo-ucsd), simply create a new branch, make your edits, and then open a pull request! Otherwise, please feel free to make changes on a fork of our repository and then open a pull request.

## Building the wiki on your computer

The conda environment is provided as `environment.yml`. This environment is used for all testing and building by Github Actions.

Once you have the environment installed and activated. Run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
jb build wiki/
```

You can then preview the book by opening the file `wiki/_build/html/index.html` in your browser.

If you would like to work with a clean build, you can empty the build folder by running:

```bash
jb clean wiki/
```

If jupyter execution is cached, this command will not delete the cached folder.

To remove the build folder (including `cached` executables), you can run:

```bash
jb clean --all wiki/
```
